MEMVERGE END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

This MemVerge License Agreement (the “Agreement”) is a binding contract by and
between MemVerge, Inc. (“MemVerge”), a Delaware corporation with a place of
business at 1525 McCarthy Blvd., Suite 218, Milpitas, CA  95035, and the
individual or entity who downloads, installs or otherwise uses the Software
(“Licensee”).  The effective date of the Agreement (the “Effective Date”) will
be the date that the Licensee downloads, installs or otherwise first uses the
Software.

PLEASE READ CAREFULLY: UNLESS YOU AS THE LICENSEE HAVE ANOTHER VALID AGREEMENT
WITH MEMVERGE APPLICABLE TO THIS SOFTWARE, THE FOLLOWING TERMS WILL GOVERN THIS
LICENSE.  MEMVERGE PROVIDES THE SOFTWARE SOLELY ON THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET
FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT AND ON THE CONDITION THAT LICENSEE ACCEPTS AND COMPLIES
WITH THEM. BY CLICKING "ACCEPT",   LICENSEE (A) ACCEPTS THIS AGREEMENT AND
AGREES THAT LICENSEE IS LEGALLY BOUND BY ITS TERMS; AND (B) REPRESENTS AND
WARRANTS THAT: (I) IF AN INDIVIDUAL, LICENSEE IS 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER/OF
LEGAL AGE TO ENTER INTO A BINDING AGREEMENT; AND (II) LICENSEE HAS THE RIGHT,
POWER, AND AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND BIND LICENSEE TO ITS
TERMS. IF LICENSEE DOES NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, MEMVERGE WILL
NOT AND DOES NOT LICENSE THE SOFTWARE TO LICENSEE AND YOU MUST NOT INSTALL THE
SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS
AGREEMENT OR LICENSEE'S ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS
AGREEMENT, NO LICENSE IS GRANTED (WHETHER EXPRESSLY, BY IMPLICATION, OR
OTHERWISE) UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, AND THIS AGREEMENT EXPRESSLY EXCLUDES ANY
RIGHT, CONCERNING ANY SOFTWARE THAT LICENSEE DID NOT ACQUIRE LAWFULLY OR THAT IS
NOT A LEGITIMATE, AUTHORIZED COPY OF MEMVERGE’S SOFTWARE.  ADDITIONAL TERMS,
INCLUDING THOSE REGARDING LICENSE FEES, TERM AND MAX TERABYTES, HAVE BEEN AGREED
TO BY THE PARTIES AND THOSE ADDITIONAL TERMS ARE A PART OF THIS LICENSE. 


1. Definitions.

1.1 “Documentation” means the technical and functional documentation
relating to the Software, as may be amended from time to time by MemVerge.

1.2 “DRAM” means dynamic random access memory.

1.3 “Intellectual Property Rights” means copyrights, patents, trademarks,
service marks, design rights, trade secrets, and other intellectual property
rights worldwide.

1.4 “Max Terabytes” means the total number of terabytes of system memory
(including DRAM and PMEM) under management on a Server or Workstation for which
Licensee is authorized to use the Software.

1.5 “PMEM” means persistent memory.

1.6 “Servers” means the servers on which the Software is installed and
operated, and which meets any technical or compatibility requirements provided
by MemVerge.

1.7 “Software” means the MemVerge software provides a software
virtualization layer that integrates with existing applications to increase
memory and data I/O speed and any Updates thereto.

1.8 “Term” means the period of time that Licensee is authorized to use the
Software.  

1.9 “Updates” means a subsequent release or version of the Software
containing minor functional enhancements, extensions, error corrections or
fixes, but does not include any release, option or future product which MemVerge
licenses separately or for which MemVerge charges an additional fee.  Updates
are included as part of maintenance and support services.  In the future some
Updates may include enhancements made available from third parties.  If such
third parties require additional license terms, Licensee would have to agree to
those terms before utilizing the Update.

1.10 “Workstations” means the workstations on which the Software is installed
and operated and which meets any technical or compatibility requirements
provided by MemVerge.


2. License.

2.1 Grant of License.  Subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, any additional terms agreed to and payment of the license fee
charged for use of the Software, MemVerge hereby grants to Licensee a
non-exclusive, non-transferable and non-sublicensable license during the Term
(i) to use, to perform and display the Software, on Servers or Workstations with
the Max Terabytes, in object code form only and for Licensee’s internal business
purposes; and (ii) to make one copy of the Software in object code form only and
solely for use in a non-production or testing environment and solely for
Licensee’s internal business purposes.  Licensee shall not copy the Software
except to make a reasonable number of copies for the purposes of security
back-up or disaster recovery.  Whenever Licensee is permitted to copy or
reproduce all or any part of the Software, Licensee shall reproduce all titles,
trademark symbols, copyright symbols and legends, and other proprietary
markings.

2.2 Restrictions.  Licensee shall use the Software only on the Servers and
Workstations unless otherwise stated in this Agreement.  Licensee shall not
transfer, sell, license, sublicense, outsource, rent or lease the Software or
use the Software for service bureau or other third-party use.  Licensee shall
not make or permit the making of any modifications, additions or enhancements to
the Software, or cause or permit the disassembly, decompilation or reverse
engineering of the Software in whole or in part except where such restriction is
prohibited by applicable law.  

2.3 Audit.  MemVerge and/or its designated agent may audit Licensee’s use of
the Software, upon notice to Licensee, for purposes of ensuring compliance with
this Agreement.  Any such audit shall be conducted during regular business
hours, not more than once per year (unless the audit reveals an underpayment in
which case MemVerge and/or its designated agent may perform another audit within
the same year) and shall not unreasonably interfere with Licensee's business
activities.  If an audit reveals that Licensee has exceeded the scope of its
license (i) Licensee shall pay for any such excess use together with interest
thereon at a rate of 1.5% per month, or the highest rate allowed by law,
whichever is less; and (ii) if Licensee has exceeded the scope of its license by
5% or more (e.g. Licensee’s use on Servers and Workstations exceeds the
authorized Max Terabytes),  Licensee shall pay the reasonable costs and expenses
of such audit.

2.4 Reservation of Rights.  Licensee acknowledges and accepts that, as
between the parties, all right, title and interest in and to the Software and
all Intellectual Property Rights associated with and in the Software shall at
all times remain vested in MemVerge and its licensors, and Licensee shall
acquire no rights, express or implied, in the Software, other than the license
granted in this Agreement.  Licensee shall not remove or alter any Intellectual
Property Right or proprietary notice, title, trademark symbols, copyright
symbols and legends and other proprietary marks on the Software or on any
related material.  

2.5 Maintenance and Support.  Subject to Licensee’s payment of applicable
license fees, MemVerge shall provide maintenance and support services for the
Software according to the MemVerge Support Offerings which shall be included as
part of the purchase of the Software. 

3. Open Source Software.  Licensee agrees that any software or materials
which may be made available by MemVerge, or otherwise obtained or used by
Licensee, subject to an open source license or other open source terms (“Open
Source Software”) shall be and shall remain subject to the terms and conditions
of the original providers and are not part of the Software. Licensee shall not
use or combine the Open Source Software with the Software or other items in any
manner that would subject the Software source code to be made available under
open source terms and conditions.

4. Warranty.

4.1 Limited Warranty.
MemVerge warrants to Licensee that the Software and Open Source Software will
operate in substantial conformance with the Documentation for a period of 90
days after receipt of the original Software.  MemVerge’s entire liability and
Licensee’s exclusive remedy under this warranty shall be replacement of the
defective Software that does not meet MemVerge’s limited warranty and that is
returned to MemVerge with a copy of Licensee’s receipt.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if MemVerge is unable to repair or replace defective Software during
the 90-day warranty period, MemVerge may, at its sole option, terminate this
Agreement and refund the amounts received from Licensee.  This limited warranty
is void if failure of the Software has resulted from accident, abuse, or
misapplication.  Any replacements will be warranted for the remainder of the
original warranty period or 30 days, whichever is longer.

4.2 Disclaimer; Limitation of Liability.

4.2.1 EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN SECTION 4.1 ABOVE, MEMVERGE MAKES NO
WARRANTIES WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL OTHER WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO ANY SOFTWARE,
SERVICES OR PROFESSIONAL SERVICES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT. 

4.2.2 EXCEPT FOR LICENSEE’S BREACH OF SECTION 2.1 AND/OR 2.2 AND FOR EITHER
PARTY’S BREACH OF THE CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS OF SECTION 6, (I) IN NO EVENT
SHALL EITHER PARTY OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE SERVICES, PROFESSIONAL SERVICES, OR THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE; AND (II) MEMVERGE’S ENTIRE LIABILITY
UNDER OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID TO
MEMVERGE BY LICENSEE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR
EXCLUSION OF INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER TYPES OF DAMAGES, SO SOME OF THE
ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO LICENSEE.

5. Indemnification.

5.1 MemVerge’s Indemnification.  MemVerge shall
defend, or at its option settle, any third party claim or action brought against
Licensee that the Software infringes upon or misappropriates any United States
copyright or trade secret of any third party or any patent of a third party
issued under the laws of the United States as of the Effective Date, and shall
pay any final judgments or settlements entered into; provided that:  (i)
Licensee promptly notifies MemVerge in writing of the claim; (ii) MemVerge shall
have the sole control of the defense and all related settlement negotiations;
and (iii) Licensee provides MemVerge with assistance, information and authority
as reasonably requested.  MemVerge shall have no liability hereunder if the
actual or alleged infringement results from (a) Licensee’s breach of this
Agreement, (b) any modification, alteration or addition made to the Software or
any use thereof that causes either to deviate from the Documentation, (c)
Licensee’s failure to use any corrections or modifications made available by
MemVerge that would not result in any material loss of functionality, or (d) use
of the Software in a manner or in connection with a product or data not
contemplated by this Agreement.

5.2 Remedies.  If the Software is held or likely to be held infringing,
MemVerge shall have the option, at its own expense, to (i) modify the same such
that it no longer infringes or misappropriates; (ii) obtain a license for
Licensee to continue using the same; (iii) replace the same with functionally
equivalent software; or (iv) if none of the foregoing is commercially practical,
terminate this Agreement and refund a pro rata portion of license fees actually
received by MemVerge from Licensee’s license of the applicable Software as
amortized over a 3 year period.  THE REMEDIES SET FORTH HEREIN SHALL CONSTITUTE
MEMVERGE’S SOLE LIABILITY AND LICENSEE’S EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY CLAIM OF
INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION.

6. Termination.

6.1 Term.  This Agreement will commence on the
Effective Date and continue for the period of time Licensee is authorized to use
the Software, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with this Section 6.

6.2 Termination.  Either party may terminate this Agreement upon written
notice if (i) a receiver is appointed for either party or its assets; (ii)
either party makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; (iii)
either party commences or has commenced against it, proceedings under any
bankruptcy, insolvency, or debtor’s relief law, which proceedings are not
dismissed within 60 days; (iv) either party is liquidated or dissolved, other
than in a corporate reorganization in which the ongoing business of such
liquidated or dissolved party shall be continued by substantially the same
ownership and management as existed prior to such liquidation or dissolution; or
(v) the non-terminating party commits a material breach of this Agreement that
is not remedied within 30 days following receipt of written notice thereof from
the non-breaching party.

6.3 Effect of Termination.  Upon termination of this Agreement, Licensee
shall have no further right to use the Software.  Licensee shall, as instructed
by MemVerge, within 14 days of the date of termination either return all copies
of the Software in its possession, or destroy all copies of the Software in its
possession and certify in writing to MemVerge that it has done so.

6.4 Survival.  Sections 1 (Definitions), 2.2 (Restrictions), 2.3 (Audit),
2.4 (Reservation of Rights), 3 (Open Source Software), 4 (Disclaimer; Limitation
of Liability), 5.3 (Effect of Termination), 5.4 (Survival), 6 (Confidentiality),
and 7 (Miscellaneous), and all payment obligations of Licensee shall survive
termination or expiration of this Agreement.

7. Confidentiality.

7.1 Confidentiality Undertaking.   “Confidential
Information” means the confidential and proprietary information of the
disclosing party (the “Discloser”) which is identified as confidential by the
Discloser at the time of disclosure.  In addition, MemVerge Confidential
Information includes but is not limited to the Software and Documentation, any
responses to technical support requests, and any business information, technical
data, or know-how relating to the Software, any services, or any associated
technology or services, including without limitation all such information
disclosed in written form.  Confidential Information shall not include any
information, documentation or data that: (i) was in the possession of the
receiving party (the “Recipient”) at the time of disclosure as shown by the
recipient’s files and records in existence prior to the time of disclosure, (ii)
prior to or after the time of disclosure becomes publicly known, not as a result
of any wrongful action or omission of Recipient; (iii) is developed
independently by Recipient without use of or reference to the Discloser’s
Confidential Information, or (iv) is properly acquired by Recipient from a third
party having the right to disclose such information.

7.2 Obligations.  Each party shall protect the confidentiality of the other
party’s Confidential Information by exercising at least the same standard of
care as it uses to protect its own confidential information and shall, in any
event: (i) hold any Confidential Information of the other party in strict
confidence; (ii) not disclose or reveal such Confidential Information to third
parties; (iii) not use such Confidential Information for any purpose except as
set forth in this Agreement; and (iv) take all such steps necessary to ensure
compliance with the provisions of this Section 7 by its employees, agents, and
subcontractors.  Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, each party may disclose
Confidential Information of the other party to the extent required to be
disclosed pursuant to law or government regulation, provided that it gives the
other party reasonable prior notice of any such disclosure and the opportunity
to prevent such disclosure through available legal processes.

8. Miscellaneous.

8.1 Entire Agreement; Construction.  This Agreement
constitutes the complete and exclusive agreement between the parties and
supersedes any and all prior communications, representations and understandings,
whether written or oral. This Agreement shall not be amended or modified except
in writing by duly authorized representatives of the parties.  Section headings
are for convenience only and shall not affect interpretation of the relevant
section. To the extent that a purchase order or like document contains terms
that are different from or inconsistent with this Agreement such terms are
hereby rejected and this Agreement shall control over any such different or
inconsistent terms.  All notices must be either sent registered or certified
mail, return receipt requested, or served personally. This Agreement is in the
English language only, which language shall be controlling in all respects, and
all versions hereof in any other language shall not be binding on the parties
hereto. All communications and notices to be made or given pursuant to this
Agreement shall be in the English language. The parties agree that the United
Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods will not apply to this
Agreement.

8.2 No Third Party Beneficiaries.  Under no circumstances shall any third
party be considered a third party beneficiary of Licensee’s rights or remedies
under this Agreement or otherwise be entitled to any rights or remedies of
Licensee under this Agreement.

8.3 Export and Import Regulations.  Licensee acknowledges that the Software
contains cryptographic features and is subject to United States and local
country laws governing import, export, distribution and use. The Licensee is
responsible for compliance by the Licensee and the end users with United States
and local country laws and regulations and shall not export, use or transmit the
Software (i) in violation of any export control laws of the United States or any
other country, or (ii) to anyone on the United States Treasury Department’s list
of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department’s Table of
Deny Orders.

8.4 Assignment.  This Agreement shall not be assigned or transferred, in
whole or in part, without the prior written consent of the other party, which
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,
MemVerge may without prior written consent (i) assign this Agreement in
connection with the sale of all or substantially all of its stock or assets to
which this Agreement relates, or (ii) transfer all or part of its rights and
obligations to provide services under this Agreement.  Any assignment or
transfer made other than in accordance with this Section is null and void.
Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will be binding upon, enforceable by,
and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and
assigns.

8.5 Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement shall be held illegal
or unenforceable by a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction, the parties
shall reform the provision to the minimum extent necessary to render it valid
and enforceable in conformity with their intent as manifested herein.  The
remainder of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

8.6 Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the
United States and the State of California, without reference to conflict of laws
principles.  Any dispute between the parties regarding this Agreement will be
subject to the exclusive venue of the state and federal courts in the state of
California in San Francisco, San Mateo and Santa Clara counties.  The parties
hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts.  

8.7 U.S. Government Restricted Rights.  If the Software is accessed or used
by any agency or other part of the U.S. Government, the U.S. Government
acknowledges that (i) the Software and accompanying materials constitute
“commercial computer software” and “commercial computer software documentation”
under paragraphs 252.227.14 and 252.227.7202 of the DoD Supplement to the
Federal Acquisition Regulations (“DFARS”) or any successor regulations, and the
Government is acquiring only the usage rights specifically granted in this
Agreement; (ii) the Software constitutes “restricted computer software” under
paragraph 52.227-19 of the Federal Acquisition Regulations (“FAR”) or any
successor regulations and the government’s usage rights are defined in this
Agreement and the FAR.

8.8 Force Majeure.  Neither party shall be liable to the other for delays or
failures in performance resulting from causes beyond the reasonable control of
that party, including, but not limited to, acts of God, labor disputes or
disturbances, material shortages or rationing, riots, acts of war, governmental
regulations, communication or utility failures, or casualties or epidemics.
